Welcome
and well done for completing this section! You're
finally coders!! [Laughs] Absolutely! So how did it feel? How did it feel?
Why don't you share in the discussions, especially if you're a beginner, how you feel having gone
from doing no coding to actually getting your hands a little bit dirty, we'd be really interested
to find out. What have they actually learned, Sam? So, in this section, you have learned
the basics of C#, the industry standard programming language,
so well done, that is fantastic news! Yeah absolutely! You also learned a bit about
vector math! You know how to add these little guys together now, and that's going to come in super
handy in the rest of the course for you. It is. So why don't you just start
the next section straight away, to keep up the momentum! Absolutely! That is very very
useful, so dive right in!